# my-js-apps

Welcome to my pages of javascript apps. This repository stores some recent javascript experiments for apps development. The process is not easy because, unlike other language, Python or Java, where I mostly focus on the algorithm development, javascript needs to pay attention at how it will look on the browser if I want to visualize the results. And I also try to build from scratch so that I can learn what components are critical for a particular phase. 

The current web contains 5 mini-apps which I feel interesting:

1. *Mini-converter*: The first step to build apps. I try to do a simple temperature and tip calculator with bootscrap-5 as the CSS template. 

2. *Task manager*: I experiment how to use JS for DOM and dynamical memory of JS. 

3. *Market simulation*: A simple frontend of E-commerce. The prices of the assets are generated by normal random numbers based on the observed drift and volatility of the assets. I also experiment how to import some useful tools like google chart to make some cool figure on demand. 

4. *API Tools*: As most webpage needs to handle, I experiment the use of API to call for some interesting pictures or useful data and present on browser. 

5. *Gravity Simulator*: This is my final app in this series and is the most dedicated one in terms of its coding complexity and involved time (as a weekend project). The code solves for the N-body simulation which models how "particles" interacts with each other through a prescribed force. In this one we consider the Newtonian gravity. There are a number of options you can tune such as how fast the simulation and the region you want to zoom in for a clearer view. I again use the google chart so that we can visualize how system evolves statistically.  

## Enjoy the apps! 🙂
